# Public speaking course
***Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: Universities should require every graduation students to take public speaking courses. Give specific examples and details to support your answer.***

It is well known that, nearly all universities required their graduation students to deliver a public speech before their graduating in China. Recently, it has become a hotly debated question that whether or not college students should take compulsory public speaking classes. Some people argue that delivering speech in public is useless for most college students.  As a result, it is not necessary for every graduation student to take this course. However, as far as I’m concerned, turning public speaking course into an elective one can be a terrible decision. My view point is based on the following reasons and examples. 

To begin with, no matter which roles they play in the society, company employees, teachers, researchers, etc., there are more and more occasions to express themselves or to make presentations. Giving a public speaking is really a challenge for most students for the first time which requires a lot of courage. As is well known to us all, one minute on the stage and ten years of practice off the stage. Practicing in public speaking courses would help them overcome their nervous and improve their confidence. For example, when I was a college student, once required to give a public speech, I would have no idea to make a presentation feeling nervous. However, I overcome my thrill and can deliver a successful speech in front of others after half year’ public speaking course. Therefore, we can see that public speaking course is a convenient way for people to learn how to give an attractive speech.

Moreover, an outstanding alumnus who give a good impression in the society would bring great reputation to school, whose student gives an influential speech in society. Take Jack Ma, the boss of Alibaba, as an example. We all know that Jack Ma established Alibaba, an e-commerce company when he was in obscure. At that time, he was a college English teacher and usually gave lectures in a class in front of hundreds of adult students. Adequate public teaching experience equipped him with a charming and attractive personality, which might contribute a lot as he recruiting people to set up his e-business. Most people didn’t hold an optimistic attitude towards e-commerce, so I regarded the leadership of Jack Ma himself as a significant factor resulting in the success of their initial team building. His success doesn’t bring an army of auras to himself, but also leads to his university’s high reputation, Hangzhou Normal University, which mostly thanks to his bravery, taking risk and his many well-known speaking in public.

Admittedly, taking public speaking courses sometimes can destroy students' courage and have no meaning for those who are not interested in speech, such as scientist, artist, workers. For instance, one of my schoolmates who is now working in a mobile game company once shared his life with us during our meeting. He needs to spend almost all his working time facing his computer, coding and thinking. With such a heavy workload, only little time was left for him to social with his colleagues and friends. It is obvious that learning how to give an excellent speech in public is useless for him. From this aspect, schools would let students choose what topic they prefer to talk in public. The advantages always overwhelm disadvantages.

To conclude, public speaking course is a necessary one during students’ college years. It’s not a useful skill needed by people who are responsible for certain kinds of jobs, but also an essential quality for every graduated student. For students who have the ambition to be a leader in his future, taking public speaking course can effectively help him to get an attractive figure.
	
He Yu
2018.9.27


