
***Do you prefer watching TV programmes for knowledge or just for entertainment?***

With more and more well-made TV programmes coming into our life, our life is getting more and more colorful. While some people only regard TV show as entertainment, I think broad knowledge and entertainment can never be separated. 


To begin with, watching TV is not only for entertainment, but also can provide information from all over the world and broaden your horizons. After a day of school or work you can take a break and enjoy the moment. Also, while you are relaxing, there are different things in the TV that you can learn from, such as the news, it can tell us about the latest events happened around the world and lots of interesting facts. Even during the soap opera, you can learn thing from the speech they said.

Moreover, TV programmes like latest news make people realize what the rest of the world is going on. Before a television was invented, people used newspapers, radio to spread the news. But none of this is faster than TV. If somewhere else is having a breaking news, we can know immediately. Above all, TV programmes like reality shows provide various topics and experiences for our daily conversations.

Finally, as the saying goes, interest is the best teacher. Many people can learn English on TV show, entertainment, documentaries, sports programmes, etc., which is more efficient than reading book or passively accepting knowledge from the classroom. A survey shows that knowledge can be remembered more firmly by learning under the guidance of interest. Some people may think that people who must have strong self-control can learn by watching TV, and learning by watching TV programs can easily lead to loss of happiness in watching TV programs. In fact, this is not the case. Learning in entertainment is a casual act, rather than deliberately forcing yourself to learn.

To conclude, judging from the reasoning and examples as well as the sub points I presented as above, I prefer to watch TV programmes not just for entertainment but also knowledge.

He Yu
2018.10.10


